Overview: Link to learning objectives as well as prep (#875)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: org-cyf-itp/content/overview/_index.md

title="Course overview"
layout="overview"
overview_menu="programming"
emoji="🦉"
+++

### Objective

> The objective of this course is to train people with no prior software development experience to get an entry level job in tech or IT. Primarily this is achieved by teaching programming concepts with JavaScript, Python, and data concepts with SQL.

Author: ```suggestion
The objective of this course is to give people with no prior software development experience an introduction to programming and thinking about data. Common next-steps after this course are to get an entry level job in tech or IT, or to continue learning more advanced software engineering techniques to prepare for a software engineering job.

Primarily this is achieved by teaching programming concepts with JavaScript, and data concepts with SQL.
```
